                 MySQL Cluster NoSQL API for Node.JS

INTRODUCTION
------------
The NoSQL API for Node.JS provides lightweight domain object mapping for 
JavaScript.  The API can be used with two separate backend adapters:

  - The "ndb" adapter, which uses the C++ NDB API to provide
    high-performance native access to MySQL Cluster. 

  - The "mysql" adapter, which uses the node-mysql driver,
    available from https://github.com/felixge/node-mysql/


REQUIREMENTS
------------
Building the ndb backend requires MySQL Cluster 7.x or MySQL 5.6, including 
headers and shared library files.  The MySQL architecture must match the node
architecture: if node.js is 64-bit, then MySQL must also be 64-bit.  If node
is 32-bit, MySQL must be 32-bit.

The mysql backend requires version 2.0 of node-mysql, an all-JavaScript 
MySQL client.


BUILDING
--------
The installation script is interactive.  It will try to locate a suitable copy 
of MySQL, and it will prompt you to accept its choice or enter an alternative.

 * To build the module in place, type:

    setup/build.sh
    
         - OR -

 * To build and install the module, type:
  
    npm install . 
 

DIRECTORY STRUCTURE
-------------------
 API-documentation              Documentation of the main API
 samples/                       Sample code
 setup/                         Scripts used to build and install the adapter
 test/                          Test driver and test suite
 Adapter/                       The node.js adapter
 Adapter/api                    Implementation of the top-level API
 Adapter/impl                   Backend implementations


TESTING
-------
Testing currently requires a running MySQL Cluster with both a management 
server and a MySQL server on the local machine. The cluster and mysql server
must be defined with the default server and port. The MySQL server must have
the database "test" created. The mysql client executable must be in the path.0
(This is a known bug.  In a later release, it will be possible to configure a 
set of connection properties for the test framework).

To run the test suite:

cd test
node Driver 


