
README-compat

2016-Apr-06, Jörg Brühe <joerg.bruehe@fromdual.com>

To upgrade the MySQL packages which are pre-installed by a distribution,
"compatibility libraries" may be needed which satisfy application dependencies.
A typical case is RedHat, the distribution contains (and installs) a "postfix"
package whose binaries depend on the MySQL client library. That library will
be that of an older MySQL version.

Installing newer MySQL packages will run into file conflicts with that old
"mysql-libs" package which cannot be removed, because the new "libs" have
a newer .so version, so they do not satisfy "postfix"s requirements.

The solution is a separate "libs-compat" package which contains the library
with the old API (as indicated by the .so version).

In MySQL AB times, it was called "MySQL-shared-compat", contained various
"libmysqlclient.so.*" only and did not depend on any other package.
This may have been wrong, because the client libary may need to access the
character set definitions ("/usr/lib/mysql/charset/*") for some rare ODBC calls.

Oracle changed that by creating "mysql-libs-compat" packages which depend on
the current "mysql-common" because that package contains the charset files.
IMO, this is not perfect either, because it may introduce some nasty conflicts
in case the user wants to change the MySQL server or client programs.
Also, it is based on the assumption that the names and formats of these files
remain unchanged across several MySQL release series.

For the "mysql-wsrep" packages whose spec file I am writing, I changed that:
When building the compatibility library, the old version's sources are patched
so that the files are searched in "/usr/lib/mysql/charset-VERSION/".
Then, the charset files get included in "libs-compat" and will properly
be installed in that location.

This directory "packaging/libs-compat" contains the patch files for the old
sources. The installation part is handled in the packaging files, like
"packaging/rpm-oel/mysql-wsrep.spec.in".

