--
NOTE: This version has been modified by Ericsson/Alzato. Please
see the cvs changelog for more details.
--

$Revision: 1.2 $

This is a line-editing library.  It can be linked into almost any
program to provide command-line editing and recall.

It is call-compatible with the FSF readline library, but it is a
fraction of the size (and offers fewer features).  It does not use
standard I/O.  It is distributed under a "C News-like" copyright.

Configuration is done in the Makefile.  Type "make testit" to get
a small slow shell for testing.

This contains some changes since the posting to comp.sources.misc:
    -	Bugfix for completion on absolute pathnames.
    -	Better handling of M-n versus showing raw 8bit chars.
    -	Better signal handling.
    -	Now supports termios/termio/sgttyb ioctl's.
    -	Add M-m command to toggle how 8bit data is displayed.
The following changes, made since the last public release, come from
J.G. Vons <vons@cesar.crbca1.sinet.slb.com>:
    -   History-searching no longer redraws the line wrong
    -	Added ESC-ESC as synonym for ESC-?
    -	SIGQUIT (normally ^\) now sends a signal, not indicating EOF.
    -	Fixed some typo's and unclear wording in the manpage.
    -	Fixed completion when all entries shared a common prefix.
    -	Fixed some meta-char line-redrawing bugs.

Enjoy,
	Rich $alz
	<rsalz@osf.org>

 Copyright 1992,1993 Simmule Turner and Rich Salz.  All rights reserved.

 This software is not subject to any license of the American Telephone
 and Telegraph Company or of the Regents of the University of California.

 Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose on
 any computer system, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject
 to the following restrictions:
 1. The authors are not responsible for the consequences of use of this
    software, no matter how awful, even if they arise from flaws in it.
 2. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented, either by
    explicit claim or by omission.  Since few users ever read sources,
    credits must appear in the documentation.
 3. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original software.  Since few users
    ever read sources, credits must appear in the documentation.
 4. This notice may not be removed or altered.
